Update Package.md (#73)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-openapi: module-ballerina-openapi/Package.md

## Module overview

The OpenAPI tools provide the following capabilities.
 
 1. Generate the Ballerina service or client code for a given OpenAPI definition. 
 2. Export the OpenAPI definition of a Ballerina service.

>  3. Validate service implementation of a given OpenAPI Contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. Validate the service implementation of a given OpenAPI contract.
```

    
The `openapi` command in Ballerina is used for OpenAPI to Ballerina and Ballerina to OpenAPI code generations. 
Code generation from OpenAPI to Ballerina can produce `ballerina service stubs` and `ballerina client stubs`.
The OpenAPI compiler plugin will allow you to validate a service implementation against an OpenAPI contract during

>  compile time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 the compile time. 
```

This plugin ensures that the implementation of a service does not deviate from its OpenAPI contract.   

### OpenAPI to Ballerina
#### Generate Service and Client Stub from an OpenAPI Contract

```bash
bal openapi -i <openapi-contract-path> 
               [--service-name: generated files name]
               [--tags: tags list]
               [--operations: operationsID list]
               [--mode service|client ]
               [(-o|--output): output file path]
```
Generates both the Ballerina service and Ballerina client stub for a given OpenAPI file.

> This `-i <openapi-contract-path>` parameter of the command is mandatory. As an input, it will take the path to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `-i <openapi-contract-path>` parameter of the command is mandatory. It will get the path to the
```

>  OpenAPI contract file (i.e., `my-api.yaml` or `my-api.json`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 OpenAPI contract file (i.e., `my-api.yaml` or `my-api.json`) as an input.
```

The `--service-name`  is an optional parameter, which allows you to change the generated service name.

You can give the specific tags and operations that you need to document as services without documenting all the operations using these optional `--tags` and `--operations` commands.

> `(-o|--output)` is an optional parameter. You can use this to give the output path for the generated files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `(-o|--output)` is an optional parameter. You can use this to give the output path of the generated files.
```

If not, it will take the execution path as the output path.

##### Modes

> If you want to generate a Service only, you can set the mode as `service` in the OpenAPI tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to generate a service only, you can set the mode as `service` in the OpenAPI tool.
```

```bash
bal openapi -i <openapi-contract-path> --mode service [(-o|--output) output file path]
```

> If you want to generate a Client only, you can set the mode as  `client` in the OpenAPI tool. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to generate a client only, you can set the mode as  `client` in the OpenAPI tool. 
```

This client can be used in client applications to call the service defined in the OpenAPI file.

```bash
bal openapi -i <openapi-contract-path> --mode client
               [(-o|--output) output file path]
```

### Ballerina to OpenAPI
#### Service to OpenAPI Export
```bash
bal openapi -i <ballerina-file-path> 
               [(-o|--output) output openapi file path]
```
Export the Ballerina service to an  OpenAPI Specification 3.0 definition. For the export to work properly, 
the input Ballerina service should be defined using the basic service and resource-level HTTP annotations.
If you need to document an OpenAPI contract for only one given service, then use this command.
```bash
    bal openapi -i <ballerina-file-path> (-s | --service) <service-name>
```

### Samples for OpenAPI Commands
#### Generate Service and Client Stub from OpenAPI
```bash
    bal openapi -i hello.yaml
```

> This will generate a Ballerina service and client stub for the `hello.yaml` OpenAPI contract named `hello-service` and client named `hello-client`. The above command can be run from anywhere on the execution path. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will generate a Ballerina service and client stub for the `hello.yaml` OpenAPI contract named `hello-service` and client named `hello-client`. The above command can be run from within anywhere on the execution path. 
```

It is not mandatory to run it from inside the Ballerina project.

Output:
```bash
The service generation process is complete. The following files were created.
-- hello-service.bal
-- hello-client.bal
-- schema.bal
```
#### Generate an OpenAPI Contract from a Service

 ```bash
    bal openapi -i modules/helloworld/helloService.bal
  ```
This will generate the OpenAPI contracts for the Ballerina services, which are in the `hello.bal` Ballerina file.
 ```bash 
    bal openapi -i modules/helloworld/helloService.bal (-s | --service) helloworld
  ```
This command will generate the `helloworld-openapi.yaml` file that is related to the `helloworld` service inside the
 `helloService.bal` file.

## OpenAPI Validator Compiler Plugin

The OpenAPI Validator Compiler plugin validates a service against a given OpenAPI contract. 
The Compiler Plugin is activated if a service has the `openapi:ServiceInfo` annotation. This plugin compares 

> the service and the OpenAPI Contract and validates both against a pre-defined set of validation rules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the service and the OpenAPI contract and validates both against a pre-defined set of validation rules. 
```

If any of the rules fail, the plugin will give the result as one or more compilation errors.

### Annotation for Validator Plugin 

> The `@openapi:ServiceInfo` annotation is used to bind the service with an OpenAPI Contract. You need to add 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@openapi:ServiceInfo` annotation is used to bind the service with an OpenAPI contract. You need to add 
```
